Added Google to SAML 2.0 docs (#783)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-enterprise/setting-up-sso-with-saml-2.0.md

3. After creating the Okta application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)
section to complete the integration.

## Google integration

> _Use this section if you are configuring Google as your identity provider_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this section if you are configuring Google as your identity provider.
```

### Configure the Google application

> Sign into your **Google Admin Console** via an account with super administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign into your **Google Admin Console** via an account with super administrator privileges.
```

> Sign into your **Google Admin Console** via an account with super administrator privileges.

Reviewer 2: @mirnawong1 can we add steps for this procedure?

Reviewer: done @runleonarun and updated any UI elements that were mentioned too!

> * From the Admin console Home page, go to **Apps** > **Web and mobile apps**.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure how `<` or `>` are read by screen readers so I tend to use "and then click" just in case.

Reviewer: oh good tip! thank you!

* Click **Add** > **Add custom SAML app**.

Click **Next** to continue.

> On the **App Details** page:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can give them a little direction in the intro sentence:
```suggestion
Make these changes on the App Details page:
```

* Name the custom app
* Upload an app logo (optional)
* Click **Continue**.

### Configure SAML Settings

On the **Google Identity Provider details** page:

* Download the **IDP metadata**.
* Copy the **SSO URL** and **Entity ID** and download the **Certificate** (or **SHA-256 fingerprint**, if needed).

On the **Service Provider Details** window, enter the following values:

* **ACS URL**: `https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml`
* **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)**: `https://cloud.getdbt.com/`
* **Start URL**: (if needed)

The default **Name ID** is the primary email. Multi-value input is not supported.

Use the **Attribute mapping** page to
map your organization's Google Directory Attributes to the format that
dbt Cloud expects; click **Add another mapping** to map additional attributes.

Expected **Attributes**:

| Name           | Name format | Value                | Description                |
| -------------- | ----------- | -------------------- | -------------------------- |

> | `First name`   | Unspecified | `first_name`         | _The user's first name_    |

Reviewer 2: We should get rid of these italics because they're not necessary.
```suggestion
| `First name`   | Unspecified | `first_name`         | The user's first name.  |
```

> | `Last name`    | Unspecified | `last_name`          | _The user's last name_     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Last name`    | Unspecified | `last_name`          | The user's last name.     |
```

> | `Primary email`| Unspecified | `email`              | _The user's email address_ |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Primary email`| Unspecified | `email`              |  The user's email address. |
```

Click **Finish** to continue.

### Finish Google setup

> * From the Admin console Home page, go to **Apps** > **Web and mobile apps**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* From the Admin console Home page, go to **Apps** and then click **Web and mobile apps**.
```

map your organization's Google Directory Attributes to the format that
dbt Cloud expects; click **Add another mapping** to map additional attributes.

Expected **Attributes**:

| Name           | Name format | Value                | Description                |
| -------------- | ----------- | -------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `First name`   | Unspecified | `first_name`         | _The user's first name_    |
| `Last name`    | Unspecified | `last_name`          | _The user's last name_     |
| `Primary email`| Unspecified | `email`              | _The user's email address_ |

Click **Finish** to continue.

### Finish Google setup

* From the Admin console Home page, go to **Apps** > **Web and mobile apps**.
* Select your SAML app.
* Click **User access**.
* To turn on or off a service for everyone in your organization, click **On for everyone** or **Off for everyone**, and then click **Save**.
* Ensure that the email addresses your users use to sign in to the SAML app match the email addresses they use to sign in to your Google domain (Changes typically take effect in minutes, but can take up to 24 hours).

### Finish setup

> After creating the Okta application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After creating the Google application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)
```

### Setting up RBAC
After configuring an identity provider, you will be able to set up [role-based
access control](/access-control/enterprise-permissions) for your account.

> **Please note the following for Google integrations -**

Reviewer 4: Minor formatting change...

**Please note the following for Google integrations:**

> **Please note the following for Google integrations -**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Please note the following for Google Workplace integration via SAML:**
```

> * While it is possible to integrate with Google Workspace via SAML, because Google's current SAML implementation does not support expressing group membership information, we strongly recommend the use of our native Google Workspace integration.

Reviewer 4: Check the formatting here -- I think we want to NOT have lines 328-329 with bullets, but have lines 330 and 331 with bullets.

> * While it is possible to integrate with Google Workspace via SAML, because Google's current SAML implementation does not support expressing group membership information, we strongly recommend the use of our native Google Workspace integration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Because Google's current SAML implementation does not support sending group membership information as part of the SAML response, we strongly recommend the use of [our native Google Workspace integration](/dbt-cloud-enterprise/setting-up-sso-with-google-gsuite).
```

> * Integrations with Google SAML will be subject to the following limitations:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Integrations with Google Workspace via SAML will have the following limitations:
```
